/* 12
    AM
a 
    DM
d
    GM
g
    CM
c
    FM
f
    BbM
bb
    maior
fundamental
*/

/* 16
    AM
a 
    DM
d
    GM
g
    CM
c
    FM
f
    BbM
bb
    EbM
eb
    AbM
ab
    maior
fundamental
*/

/* 32
            E7
        Em
    EM      A7
e       Am
    AM      D7
a       Dm
    DM      G7
d       Gm
    GM      C7
g       Cm
    CM      F7
c       Fm
    FM      Bb7
f       Bbm
    BbM     Eb7
bb      Ebm
    EbM
eb
			sétima
		menor
	maior
fundamental

*/

/* 48
            F#M
        F#M
    f#      BM
a#      BM
    b       Em
d#      EM
    e       Am
g#      AM
    a       Dm
c#      DM
    d       Gm
f#      GM
    g       Cm
b       CM
    c       Fm
e       FM
    f       Bbm
a       BbM
    bb      Ebm
d       EbM
    eb      Abm
g       AbM
    ab      Dbm
c       DbM
    db
f
            menor
        maior
    fundamental
contrabaixo
*/


/* 60
                F#7
            F#M
        F#M     B7
    f#      BM
a#      BM      E7
    b       Em
d#      EM      A7
    e       Am
g#      AM      D7
    a       Dm
c#      DM      G7
    d       Gm
f#      GM      C7
    g       Cm
b       CM      F7
    c       Fm
e       FM      Bb7
    f       Bbm
a       BbM     Eb7
    bb      Ebm
d       EbM     Ab7
    eb      Abm
g       AbM     Db7
    ab      Dbm
c       DbM
    db
f
                sétima
            menor
        maior
    fundamental
contrabaixo
*/

/* 80
                G#7
            G#m
        G#M     C#7
    g#      C#m
c       C#M     F#7
    c#      F#M
f       F#M     B7
    f#      BM
a#      BM      E7
    b       Em
d#      EM      A7
    e       Am
g#      AM      D7
    a       Dm
c#      DM      G7
    d       Gm
f#      GM      C7
    g       Cm
b       CM      F7
    c       Fm
e       FM      Bb7
    f       Bbm
a       BbM     Eb7
    bb      Ebm
d       EbM     Ab7
    eb      Abm
g       AbM     Db7
    ab      Dbm
c       DbM     Gb7
    db      Gbm
f       GbM     B7
    gb      Bm
bb      BM
    b
eb
                sétima
            menor
        maior
    fundamental
contrabaixo
*/


/* 96
                    G#dim
                G#7
            G#m     C#dim
        G#M     C#7
    g#      C#m     F#dim
c       C#M     F#7
    c#      F#M     B7dim
f       F#M     B7
    f#      BM      E7dim
a#      BM      E7
    b       Em      A7dim
d#      EM      A7
    e       Am      D7dim
g#      AM      D7
    a       Dm      G7dim
c#      DM      G7
    d       Gm      C7dim
f#      GM      C7
    g       Cm      F7dim
b       CM      F7
    c       Fm      Bb7dim
e       FM      Bb7
    f       Bbm     Eb7dim
a       BbM     Eb7
    bb      Ebm     Ab7dim
d       EbM     Ab7
    eb      Abm     Db7dim
g       AbM     Db7
    ab      Dbm     Gb7dim
c       DbM     Gb7
    db      Gbm     B7dim
f       GbM     B7
    gb      Bm
bb      BM
    b
eb
                    diminuta
                sétima
            menor
        maior
    fundamental
contrabaixo
*/


/* 120
                    A#dim
                A#7
            A#m     D#dim
        A#M     D#7
    a#      D#m     G#dim
D       D#M     G#7
    d#      G#m     C#dim
G       G#M     C#7
    g#      C#m     F#dim
c       C#M     F#7
    c#      F#M     B7dim
f       F#M     B7
    f#      BM      E7dim
a#      BM      E7
    b       Em      A7dim
d#      EM      A7
    e       Am      D7dim
g#      AM      D7
    a       Dm      G7dim
c#      DM      G7
    d       Gm      C7dim
f#      GM      C7
    g       Cm      F7dim
b       CM      F7
    c       Fm      Bb7dim
e       FM      Bb7
    f       Bbm     Eb7dim
a       BbM     Eb7
    bb      Ebm     Ab7dim
d       EbM     Ab7
    eb      Abm     Db7dim
g       AbM     Db7
    ab      Dbm     Gb7dim
c       DbM     Gb7
    db      Gbm     B7dim
f       GbM     B7
    gb      Bm      E7dim
bb      BM      E7
    b       Em      A7dim
eb      EM      A7
    e       Am
ab      AM
    a
db
                    diminuta
                sétima
            menor
        maior
    fundamental
contrabaixo
*/
